oh
if you don't have a plan you're just
monkeying around and there's nothing
wrong with that because I've never seen
a weak or inflexible monkey or any
monkey at all really most of my adult
life has been spent working multiple
jobs or working multiple projects and in
all that craziness I definitely did not
have time for Fitness so what was the
solution micro dosing Fitness a routine
will always get you there faster but if
you don't have time finding time to
squat lunge or even just practice a
handstand will get you a whole lot
farther than you otherwise would have
thought so if you don't have much time
pick a skill and snack on the movement
stay flexy